#### INTRODUCTION
In the previous report, it was suggested that Advance Queensland has been doing a good job in allocating funding to different sectors in Queensland to boost innovation, and commercialisation, and introduce new sectors and jobs to the market. We also know that the government has been adjusting the programs and requirements to effectively target each cohort. Since the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders is one of the priority cohorts, it is necessary to look into the delivery of these programs to this group. 

As Queensland is heading to hosting the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2032, innovation is the most important thing ever. Advance Queensland is one of the government initiatives to ensure better services and infrastructures to meet the needs of the estimated large amount of tourists visiting Queensland in 2032. In the past, [Indigenous languages had been showcased in the Women’s World Cup](https://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/national/queensland/meanjin-messaging-indigenous-languages-set-to-be-spoken-at-olympic-venues-20231110-p5ej48.html) and created a great effect to help inspire and develop the value of culture and understanding of culture and shared understanding. The Brisbane 2032 Olympic games are a great opportunity to develop a better cultural understanding of the First Nation people, not only by speaking the languages but also to foster collaboration to bring the Aboriginal culture closer to everyone. The effect of the Brisbane Olympic Games increase [the tourist expenditure revenue by $12 billion](https://www.dtis.qld.gov.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0004/1626448/towards-2032-reshaping-queenslands-visitor-economy.pdf), making Queensland Australia’s destination of choice for domestic and global visitors seeking the world’s best experiences. Therefore, it is the goal of the government to grow visitation to Indigenous product and experiences, which is the concept of Indigenous tourism.  

This report will look into the existing Advance Queensland funding programs that support the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander group and also discover other factors that the government can focus on to improve the quality of the programs in the future. In order to do that, I used a combination of structured data from the Advance Queensland dataset and unstructured data from Guardian API.  

It is also important to identify appropriate terminology for our target cohort. According to the [Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies](https://aiatsis.gov.au/explore/indigenous-australians-aboriginal-and-torres-strait-islander-people), there are more than 370 million Indigenous peoples spread across 70 countries worldwide, each practising unique traditions, retaining social, cultural, economic and political characteristics that are distinct from those of the dominant societies in which they live. The term ‘Indigenous Australian’ is used to encompass both Aboriginal people and Torres Strait Islander people and is used alternately in this report. Moreover, the target of Advance Queensland is not every Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, but rather to focus on <b>Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders</b> who are <b>business owners, innovators, researchers and students </b>. This is an important stakeholder of Advance Queensland and the focus of this report.
